hello my dear lovers of everything
today's hidden series release
I will continue the train of easter eggs and everything
interesting in the wonderful in the series from
marvel and netflix called
daredevil to enjoy another
4 counting portions of easter eggs sit down
comfortably and go look at the start
the very first series at the time of purchase
office space
Nelson and Murdoch girl agent
real estate mentions in conversation
the incident almost wiped out
hellish kitchen incident
now it is so called it sounds
better than a fatal accident barely
not listening to hell's kitchen footprint on earth
so here we are of course talking about events
occurred in the first movie about
the avengers when last saved new
York from the invasion of the bloodthirsty
invaders Chitauri and at the same time
battles the city was almost destroyed
one more mention of this incident
can be seen in newspaper clippings
hanging behind the journalist
new york herald ben uriho on it
depicts part of the destroyed areas
town and among the wreckage lies this very
a huge serpent whose powerful blow
Hulk hulk on the ground and you can
notice the magnificent office
journalist newspaper clipping with him
also see behind ben by the way on
it depicts the moment of the battle of green
monster with an abomination from the movie
The incredible Hulk
such are the amazing intersections
plots here you can see the following
mention of some of the heroes of the avengers
can be heard from the lips of james if
right hand fiska almost at the very beginning
fourth episode while talking to
beaten by Russians he speaks like this
the clown in the mask beat you without using when
this iron armor or magic hammer
and of course it is such
a small reference to iron armor
man and the legendary milner himself
god of torus would have iron armor
or magic hammer as well as sending for another
single party avengers can
hear and from mate this frost about
the law firm nelson flags when
the last
commemorated in the conversation to journalists
captain america he said his
framed but then I am captain america
continue when will come
police station for copies of complaints about
tule and sits down while waiting
on the bench behind him too
see something interesting namely
small poster with the inscription
now no need to give out your identity
to fight crime and how me
it seems it is a direct reference to
long awaited civil war during
which the daredevil will side with
captain america as it was already in
comic good such hint really
will they ever meet in
cinematic universe during
court proceedings against the patient
human snake and nelson as
lawyers are on the side of some
roksan corporation which is in the process of not
times my client robson energy is mentioned
corporation so this company
has a very weighty position in
marvel universe is a cerebral
center better known as silver
cup and throughout many comics
constantly sponsored various
supervillains with newest stage armament
when daredevil along with russian
turn out to be surrounded by cops in
abandoned building wilson fisk gives
one of his people sitting on the roof
with a sniper rifle an order to open
fire to kill and what is there especially
interesting is that when
the killer gets his rifle out of the bag
there you can catch a glimpse
playing card ace of spades and after
This card is constantly dragged from
yourself another character from comics
marvel nicknamed
super villain who never
misses and by the way he also worked
above fisc hope in the second season of this
beautiful TV series on it all the same
will show well, and today it was
the last easter eggs who liked mine
video do not forget to share it with
your friends and be sure to put
Like under it. would not miss
the following issues are subscribing to my
channel
as well as true fans of Easter eggs
please subscribe to my second channel
and join the group in contact and you
will learn about everything new on my
channels first turn
well, today it's all see you soon
my dear friends bye